update readme (#556)
scalacenter/scala-debug-adapter: README.md

addSbtPlugin("org.scala-debugger" % "sbt-jdi-tools" % "1.1.1")
```

## Development

### expression-compiler

The [`expression-compiler`](https://github.com/scalacenter/scala-debug-adapter/tree/main/modules/expression-compiler) is a module used to compile expression from the debug console. It will insert the expression in the source file, compile it, and return the result of the expression.

> To do so, it adds 2 new phases to the Scala compiler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, it adds 3 new phases to the Scala compiler:

- `insert-expression`: insert the expression in the source file, at the position of the breakpoint.
```
